c:\users\jeffry\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DXApplication1\DXApplication1\bin\Debug\DXApplication1.exe.config
c:\users\jeffry\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DXApplication1\DXApplication1\bin\Debug\DXApplication1.exe
c:\users\jeffry\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DXApplication1\DXApplication1\bin\Debug\DXApplication1.pdb
c:\users\jeffry\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DXApplication1\DXApplication1\bin\Debug\DevExpress.BonusSkins.v15.2.dll
c:\users\jeffry\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DXApplication1\DXApplication1\bin\Debug\DevExpress.Data.v15.2.dll
c:\users\jeffry\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DXApplication1\DXApplication1\bin\Debug\DevExpress.Printing.v15.2.Core.dll
c:\users\jeffry\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DXApplication1\DXApplication1\bin\Debug\DevExpress.Sparkline.v15.2.Core.dll
c:\users\jeffry\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DXApplication1\DXApplication1\bin\Debug\DevExpress.Utils.v15.2.dll
c:\users\jeffry\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DXApplication1\DXApplication1\bin\Debug\DevExpress.XtraBars.v15.2.dll
c:\users\jeffry\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DXApplication1\DXApplication1\bin\Debug\DevExpress.XtraEditors.v15.2.dll
c:\users\jeffry\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DXApplication1\DXApplication1\bin\Debug\DevExpress.XtraGrid.v15.2.dll
c:\users\jeffry\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DXApplication1\DXApplication1\bin\Debug\DevExpress.XtraLayout.v15.2.dll
c:\users\jeffry\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DXApplication1\DXApplication1\bin\Debug\DevExpress.XtraPrinting.v15.2.dll
c:\users\jeffry\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DXApplication1\DXApplication1\bin\Debug\DevExpress.RichEdit.v15.2.Core.dll
c:\users\jeffry\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DXApplication1\DXApplication1\bin\Debug\DevExpress.XtraTreeList.v15.2.dll
c:\users\jeffry\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DXApplication1\DXApplication1\bin\Debug\DevExpress.Office.v15.2.Core.dll
c:\users\jeffry\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DXApplication1\DXApplication1\bin\Debug\DevExpress.Pdf.v15.2.Core.dll
c:\users\jeffry\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DXApplication1\DXApplication1\bin\Debug\DevExpress.Pdf.v15.2.Drawing.dll
c:\users\jeffry\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DXApplication1\DXApplication1\bin\Debug\DevExpress.Data.v15.2.xml
c:\users\jeffry\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DXApplication1\DXApplication1\bin\Debug\DevExpress.Printing.v15.2.Core.xml
c:\users\jeffry\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DXApplication1\DXApplication1\bin\Debug\DevExpress.Utils.v15.2.xml
c:\users\jeffry\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DXApplication1\DXApplication1\bin\Debug\DevExpress.XtraBars.v15.2.xml
c:\users\jeffry\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DXApplication1\DXApplication1\bin\Debug\DevExpress.Sparkline.v15.2.Core.xml
c:\users\jeffry\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DXApplication1\DXApplication1\bin\Debug\DevExpress.XtraEditors.v15.2.xml
c:\users\jeffry\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DXApplication1\DXApplication1\bin\Debug\DevExpress.XtraGrid.v15.2.xml
c:\users\jeffry\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DXApplication1\DXApplication1\bin\Debug\DevExpress.XtraLayout.v15.2.xml
c:\users\jeffry\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DXApplication1\DXApplication1\bin\Debug\DevExpress.XtraPrinting.v15.2.xml
c:\users\jeffry\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DXApplication1\DXApplication1\bin\Debug\DevExpress.RichEdit.v15.2.Core.xml
c:\users\jeffry\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DXApplication1\DXApplication1\bin\Debug\DevExpress.XtraTreeList.v15.2.xml
c:\users\jeffry\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DXApplication1\DXApplication1\bin\Debug\DevExpress.Office.v15.2.Core.xml
c:\users\jeffry\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DXApplication1\DXApplication1\bin\Debug\DevExpress.Pdf.v15.2.Core.xml
c:\users\jeffry\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DXApplication1\DXApplication1\bin\Debug\DevExpress.Pdf.v15.2.Drawing.xml
c:\users\jeffry\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DXApplication1\DXApplication1\bin\Debug\de\DevExpress.Data.v15.2.resources.dll
c:\users\jeffry\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DXApplication1\DXApplication1\bin\Debug\es\DevExpress.Data.v15.2.resources.dll
c:\users\jeffry\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DXApplication1\DXApplication1\bin\Debug\ja\DevExpress.Data.v15.2.resources.dll
c:\users\jeffry\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DXApplication1\DXApplication1\bin\Debug\ru\DevExpress.Data.v15.2.resources.dll
c:\users\jeffry\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DXApplication1\DXApplication1\bin\Debug\de\DevExpress.Printing.v15.2.Core.resources.dll
c:\users\jeffry\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DXApplication1\DXApplication1\bin\Debug\es\DevExpress.Printing.v15.2.Core.resources.dll
c:\users\jeffry\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DXApplication1\DXApplication1\bin\Debug\ja\DevExpress.Printing.v15.2.Core.resources.dll
c:\users\jeffry\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DXApplication1\DXApplication1\bin\Debug\ru\DevExpress.Printing.v15.2.Core.resources.dll
c:\users\jeffry\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DXApplication1\DXApplication1\bin\Debug\de\DevExpress.Utils.v15.2.resources.dll
c:\users\jeffry\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DXApplication1\DXApplication1\bin\Debug\es\DevExpress.Utils.v15.2.resources.dll
c:\users\jeffry\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DXApplication1\DXApplication1\bin\Debug\ja\DevExpress.Utils.v15.2.resources.dll
c:\users\jeffry\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DXApplication1\DXApplication1\bin\Debug\ru\DevExpress.Utils.v15.2.resources.dll
c:\users\jeffry\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DXApplication1\DXApplication1\bin\Debug\de\DevExpress.XtraBars.v15.2.resources.dll
c:\users\jeffry\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DXApplication1\DXApplication1\bin\Debug\es\DevExpress.XtraBars.v15.2.resources.dll
c:\users\jeffry\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DXApplication1\DXApplication1\bin\Debug\ja\DevExpress.XtraBars.v15.2.resources.dll
c:\users\jeffry\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DXApplication1\DXApplication1\bin\Debug\ru\DevExpress.XtraBars.v15.2.resources.dll
c:\users\jeffry\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DXApplication1\DXApplication1\bin\Debug\de\DevExpress.Sparkline.v15.2.Core.resources.dll
c:\users\jeffry\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DXApplication1\DXApplication1\bin\Debug\es\DevExpress.Sparkline.v15.2.Core.resources.dll
c:\users\jeffry\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DXApplication1\DXApplication1\bin\Debug\ja\DevExpress.Sparkline.v15.2.Core.resources.dll
c:\users\jeffry\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DXApplication1\DXApplication1\bin\Debug\ru\DevExpress.Sparkline.v15.2.Core.resources.dll
c:\users\jeffry\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DXApplication1\DXApplication1\bin\Debug\de\DevExpress.XtraEditors.v15.2.resources.dll
c:\users\jeffry\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DXApplication1\DXApplication1\bin\Debug\es\DevExpress.XtraEditors.v15.2.resources.dll
c:\users\jeffry\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DXApplication1\DXApplication1\bin\Debug\ja\DevExpress.XtraEditors.v15.2.resources.dll
c:\users\jeffry\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DXApplication1\DXApplication1\bin\Debug\ru\DevExpress.XtraEditors.v15.2.resources.dll
c:\users\jeffry\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DXApplication1\DXApplication1\bin\Debug\de\DevExpress.XtraGrid.v15.2.resources.dll
c:\users\jeffry\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DXApplication1\DXApplication1\bin\Debug\es\DevExpress.XtraGrid.v15.2.resources.dll
c:\users\jeffry\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DXApplication1\DXApplication1\bin\Debug\ja\DevExpress.XtraGrid.v15.2.resources.dll
c:\users\jeffry\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DXApplication1\DXApplication1\bin\Debug\ru\DevExpress.XtraGrid.v15.2.resources.dll
c:\users\jeffry\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DXApplication1\DXApplication1\bin\Debug\de\DevExpress.XtraLayout.v15.2.resources.dll
c:\users\jeffry\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DXApplication1\DXApplication1\bin\Debug\es\DevExpress.XtraLayout.v15.2.resources.dll
c:\users\jeffry\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DXApplication1\DXApplication1\bin\Debug\ja\DevExpress.XtraLayout.v15.2.resources.dll
c:\users\jeffry\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DXApplication1\DXApplication1\bin\Debug\ru\DevExpress.XtraLayout.v15.2.resources.dll
c:\users\jeffry\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DXApplication1\DXApplication1\bin\Debug\de\DevExpress.XtraPrinting.v15.2.resources.dll
c:\users\jeffry\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DXApplication1\DXApplication1\bin\Debug\es\DevExpress.XtraPrinting.v15.2.resources.dll
c:\users\jeffry\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DXApplication1\DXApplication1\bin\Debug\ja\DevExpress.XtraPrinting.v15.2.resources.dll
c:\users\jeffry\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DXApplication1\DXApplication1\bin\Debug\ru\DevExpress.XtraPrinting.v15.2.resources.dll
c:\users\jeffry\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DXApplication1\DXApplication1\bin\Debug\de\DevExpress.RichEdit.v15.2.Core.resources.dll
c:\users\jeffry\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DXApplication1\DXApplication1\bin\Debug\es\DevExpress.RichEdit.v15.2.Core.resources.dll
c:\users\jeffry\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DXApplication1\DXApplication1\bin\Debug\ja\DevExpress.RichEdit.v15.2.Core.resources.dll
c:\users\jeffry\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DXApplication1\DXApplication1\bin\Debug\ru\DevExpress.RichEdit.v15.2.Core.resources.dll
c:\users\jeffry\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DXApplication1\DXApplication1\bin\Debug\de\DevExpress.XtraTreeList.v15.2.resources.dll
c:\users\jeffry\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DXApplication1\DXApplication1\bin\Debug\es\DevExpress.XtraTreeList.v15.2.resources.dll
c:\users\jeffry\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DXApplication1\DXApplication1\bin\Debug\ja\DevExpress.XtraTreeList.v15.2.resources.dll
c:\users\jeffry\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DXApplication1\DXApplication1\bin\Debug\ru\DevExpress.XtraTreeList.v15.2.resources.dll
c:\users\jeffry\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DXApplication1\DXApplication1\bin\Debug\de\DevExpress.Office.v15.2.Core.resources.dll
c:\users\jeffry\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DXApplication1\DXApplication1\bin\Debug\es\DevExpress.Office.v15.2.Core.resources.dll
c:\users\jeffry\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DXApplication1\DXApplication1\bin\Debug\ja\DevExpress.Office.v15.2.Core.resources.dll
c:\users\jeffry\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DXApplication1\DXApplication1\bin\Debug\ru\DevExpress.Office.v15.2.Core.resources.dll
c:\users\jeffry\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DXApplication1\DXApplication1\bin\Debug\de\DevExpress.Pdf.v15.2.Core.resources.dll
c:\users\jeffry\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DXApplication1\DXApplication1\bin\Debug\es\DevExpress.Pdf.v15.2.Core.resources.dll
c:\users\jeffry\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DXApplication1\DXApplication1\bin\Debug\ja\DevExpress.Pdf.v15.2.Core.resources.dll
c:\users\jeffry\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DXApplication1\DXApplication1\bin\Debug\ru\DevExpress.Pdf.v15.2.Core.resources.dll
c:\users\jeffry\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DXApplication1\DXApplication1\obj\Debug\DXApplication1.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\jeffry\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DXApplication1\DXApplication1\obj\Debug\DXApplication1.Form1.resources
c:\users\jeffry\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DXApplication1\DXApplication1\obj\Debug\DXApplication1.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\users\jeffry\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DXApplication1\DXApplication1\obj\Debug\DXApplication1.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\jeffry\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DXApplication1\DXApplication1\obj\Debug\DXApplication1.exe.licenses
c:\users\jeffry\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DXApplication1\DXApplication1\obj\Debug\DXApplication1.exe
c:\users\jeffry\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DXApplication1\DXApplication1\obj\Debug\DXApplication1.pdb
D:\Project\New folder\DXApplication1\DXApplication1\bin\Debug\DXApplication1.exe.config
D:\Project\New folder\DXApplication1\DXApplication1\obj\Debug\DXApplication1.exe
D:\Project\New folder\DXApplication1\DXApplication1\obj\Debug\DXApplication1.pdb
D:\Project\New folder (2)\DXApplication1\DXApplication1\bin\Debug\DXApplication1.exe.config
D:\Project\New folder (2)\DXApplication1\DXApplication1\obj\Debug\DXApplication1.exe
D:\Project\New folder (2)\DXApplication1\DXApplication1\obj\Debug\DXApplication1.pdb
